Absolutely.
This jade Buddha is the origin of Ye Chen used to create such a serious reflex.
It seems that this game is practiced using stillbirth and the blood of babies.
It's so destructive.
What are you waiting for?
This corrupt man is guilty.
Now he's seriously injured.
We work together for heaven.
Don't let him go.
Broke a leg.
I said 10 million.
Kill him, I'll give you a hundred million.
It's just based on you.
Dare to catch me Dragon King
Okay.
And then running, he was right.
I knew you'd run away.
Get down and apologize.
I told you to get down on your knees.
Is this deaf or deaf?
Can't you hear me?
Does death give you a little more power?
You work too hard.
I'm staying here.
What to do?
I'm going to work.
Waiting for me to recover.
You have to let the widow live, this character is very good.
Dare to offend the Dragon King
They all have to die.
Right.
Ah.